How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
When it comes to how I write code, especially for these two projects I make sure my code is broken down into small functions that are commented and easy to understand. I also run tests along the way so I know my functions are working as expected instead of waiting until everything is coded and then testing, finding out theres a bug, and spending hours trying to figure out why and where. For project one I did this by creating my create and read functions of CRUD. Once those were created I ran tests to make sure they worked as expected then moved on and created the Update and Delete functionality, the UD of CRUD. By breaking it up into processes like this I was able to make sure my backend worked correctly instead of just jumping in and trying to make the front and back end at the same time. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
For approaching a problem, I take it as I would any issue, computer scientist or not. I make sure first that I understand the problem correctly. This means understanding what the customer needs and wants. Once I have this figured out I take it step by step making sure that all features are accounted for. For this class the approach was the same approach I take for all my classes and is the same approach that I will continue to use in the future. This approach as I just stated is UNDERSTANDING CUSTOMER/CLIENTS NEEDS FIRST. This means not coding or even think about coding until ALL documentation is fully read and understood. It is better to spend more time reading documentation then coding instead of quick glancing at the doc, not really getting all of it, and then having a project that doesn’t satisfy the customer in the end. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer Scientists come up with solutions to solve customer needs using code. My type of work like the projects here would help companies like Grazioso Salvare by making their job much easier when it comes to looking for dogs that are suitable for rescue missions. Instead of the company spending hours upon hours having to make endless calls asking about the dogs and gathering information, the information in the database is presented in a nice easy to understand UI showcasing the information they want in seconds. 
